hey everybody welcome back to the line
please binding lines guys really plus we
don't have to talk about yesterday's
daily who cares about yesterday's daily
yesterday all my troubles seemed so far
away now they are just here to say here
to stay
what is this I got a tweet earlier today
someone said today's daily it was all
food the person who beguiles me on the
leaderboards they said today's daily you
might seem a little familiar and I
thought to myself what are you talking
about what does that mean it might seem
a little familiar now I realize we have
like seven familiars conjoined we can't
shoot we can't shoot only only the
familiars can shoot all right this is a
waking nightmare but at the same time
kind of a cool concept for a daily
because I mean let's be honest I could
use a little fuel myself and we could
all use a little change
we got the bean in our first floor item
room I'm just going to go fight the boss
quickly - oh my god champion little horn
it's the most annoying of all the little
horns but you could do worse on bosses
on the first floor we just need like if
rotten baby can land more flies faster
I'll be extremely happy but it is the
worst version of little horn because of
the fact that you get contact damage
from touching the bombs but okay okay
okay we need weed like small rock
although I guess - now that I think
about it it doesn't affect us at all
except for helping Robin baby we
probably want to reroll the bean but
maybe you take the bean and then re-roll
the d4 instead I'd rather save a bomb
okay sac dagger is acceptable because we
can use that to deal damage and we get
black rune and black rune I mean
normally you'd want to use that too
let's see if we get small rock here I
don't really want to lower our speed but
you got to do what you guys
okay crack into it alright that's not
actually that what we did get a secret
room in a roundabout fashion people save
our bombs even though we could get more
money there um and I guess I'll see
what's going on in the shop maybe could
have gotten something half-price so this
is okay what do you use black room for
you could use it to suck up mom's heels
and mom's heels should provide us with
no benefit so it seems like a good suck
however I'm not gonna I mean you know
this already because I've already done
it but I'm not going to do that maybe
the mom transformation on this run would
be more useful than not an average run
and beyond that I think that we probably
want to use black room for like a bigger
stat game I'm not sure what stat gain we
would even want to see but I think we
want to use black room for that I
actually feel like we're we're kind of
doing pretty well today I think there is
a chance that some people would have
lost earlier on this run you know on the
first floor it's not necessarily a
difficult start but it's like weird
enough I did almost say novel but it's
it's weird enough to be a little bit
putting you off balance I think I
actually think that the bean might be
better than box of spiders here and the
word in the topsy-turvy world but in a
way I think that almost benefits me
because I can use this to my advantage I
like playing off balance you know I've
lived my whole life off balance I've
also lived my whole life like there's no
tomorrow we're going to take mob the
void at the very least it does make
rotten baby better we could always black
rune where we have here mama mega I mean
mono mega you know you've got a case for
mama mega here because obviously it
we've got golden bombs so you want to
take advantage of that but obviously
mama mega does give you the immediate
access to boss rush but boss rush should
be like actually zero
percent a problem for us at least right
now it doesn't you know past returns and
no guarantee of future returns but we're
killing enemies pretty quickly it's
going to become more of a problem if we
have to like just want to see if mob the
void will actually work for us and it
seems like the answer is no it's going
to become more of a problem later when
it comes to like trying to kill enemies
despite the fact that we really only
have our orbitals dealing damage and our
own damage doesn't really scale us very
well where the heck is the secret room
that's what I asked myself here but I
don't really see a great reason to to
take momma mega right now so you know
what let's go for a stat gain we got a
speed upgrade which I actually think is
pretty important although not
necessarily the be-all end-all we've
done well on this floor from a
consumable standpoint and the very last
thing that we'll do well we have a you
know the time available to us is find a
second secret room hopefully and that's
many many rooms but sadly also a
relatively good chance to die so I think
we should just we should take a very
nihilistic approach to this run a was on
sous another de gAHS aroun a wat so guys
what we should use one a was and then
it's a waz are on sous I think it'd take
a was motel you might as well just take
it down here yeah I mean on a was is a
better ceiling of usefulness than on
suits on juice is always just going to
show you where you're going and only
will it show you where you're going if
you have if you have no curse or no you
know curse of the lost but I don't know
man this is a weird one but what I mean
by taking a nihilistic approach to this
run is I sort of feel like every second
of this run is a gift if we die we die
and that's
a natural part of life in this
experience here this isn't an Isaac
daily this is a this is a lost daily
where we can't shoot I think just if we
make it to the mob fight let's just call
it this way if we win the mob fight I
think we got a great chance of ranking
well today and this is like one of my
favorite kinds of dailies you see I am a
strange man you could tell because they
didn't say it's one of my favorite kinds
of dailies I said this is one of my
favorite kinds of dailies like I'm out
of Bram Stoker's Dracula or something
like that
either way it's it's strange it's
off-kilter
but it's not oh it was a little dicey
it's not unpowered 'fl it's just a
little weird like BFF sac dagger okay
you very nearly took some extra damage
there but BFF sac dagger is so good
provided that you can avoid running into
enemies and getting yourself hurt okay
obviously we don't need that the more
deals with the devil the merrier
no but a speed upgrade is actually great
as well and we'll go looking for our
item room and also know we've already
been to our shop about champion belt and
why am i buying champion belt because
you know deep down inside of myself I do
feel that maybe rotten baby is going to
end up dealing all of our damage so I've
got to throw as much advantage towards
rotten baby as possible so that it can
continue to win me the game from afar
you might be saying by the way hey idiot
in first stuff I don't respond to
comments like that that's you got to
start it by saying hang out I'm a big
fan but you're an idiot why didn't you
do this so the the idiot comment and
this one I think comes down to the d4
you might say I mean we don't need tier
effects obviously and it does nothing
for us but give us some red hearts that
drop so I'll take it but I'm assuming
that we'll gain perhaps quite literally
nothing
that I think it pertains the D for you
might be saying why didn't you just
reroll your whole run with the D for it
probably would have given you the
ability to shoot you might be right but
I thought we've had runs before where
we've tried that and it turns out that
no it doesn't actually give you the
ability to shoot like we've literally
done it on dailies before we're talking
like a year and a half ago I think I'm
not convinced that we'd be able to shoot
I think we might actually just reroll
into something where we can't do
anything all right I mean we're in a
good spot we've lived through the third
floor obviously our damage penalty
should be zero that's not a secret room
that's like a tailor-made secret room
there this should be or could be a
second secret room well what do you
brain what are you talking about that
could be a second secret room you use
your noggin for two seconds here there's
our regular secret room and the second
secret room seems like a little bit too
strange to use here we'll just head down
the position is too numerous it's too
ambiguous the floor had too many big
rooms for us to be confident so we do
want to do that room but it's very funny
to me that you know yesterday's run will
probably end up having a lower score
okay don't get too cocky I suppose but
there's a chance the yesterday's run
will end up having we don't really want
that if we effectively roll that I'd
love to because we're already the lost
for all the advantages we had on
yesterday's run a decent chance that
today's run outranks in terms of points
now we'll have to live through boss rush
to make that happen and in fact may need
on a cosmic level that's the beauty of
the eihwaz room here
I could go to boss rush take an item if
it's good enough to take and then choose
not to do boss rush I've just treated it
as like a guarantee of a poke
go seems like amazing to us here I've
just treated it as like a guarantee we
have to do boss rush because it's worth
points but on a daily like this it might
actually be the more sensible approach
to not do boss rush
we got enough bombs let's go for it to
not do boss rush and use this eihwaz
room is kind of like a
get-out-of-jail-free card
don't let the spider get you now that
you've got the keys of the kingdom you
can't die it's like Nicolas Cage and
City of Angels you know once he leaves
heaven to be with meg Ryan you know it's
bull it's an important decision-making
process thank you very much dry baby for
saving my life and possibly the whole
run rotten baby thank you as well good
work it's always going to be like
miscellaneous shots that seem like the
hardest to dodge I don't know we should
we've got 1.5 speed we should backtrack
that's not even negotiable should we
backtrack now why not
it's kind of how I feel about that go do
everything on this floor again we're
going to make boss rush as long as we
keep up a half-decent precedent of you
know running into enemies with sack
dagger but we are coming a little closer
to our own death why did I I was like we
already have Ouija board and I mean we
do because we're the lost but what do we
care about Ouija board we can't shoot
anyway we have ghost baby even that's
not I mean basically worth anything
because it's ghost baby okay so let's do
our special rooms here these are these
are important definitely had to kill
that guy without getting hit that went
very well we killed them both before
they could attack but that's not going
to happen every time
bombs are the scary part here okay
that's good we'll just leave we got zero
points for picking that up more or less
so wouldn't recommend it personally not
very concerned about a secret room I'm
very very concerned about just stayin
alive ah stayin alive stayin alive ah
stayin alive was weirdly like in pitch
but six octaves too low I mean come on
I'm gonna bury give just going to say no
Krampus please ooh
may I at least say I'm not picking up
items we don't need you says as he picks
up lump of coal but I don't know man
it's hard to say no to that one we
should say like the greatest thank you
in Earth's history for the fact that
sack dagger exists on this run
I don't like enemies with high shot
speed you know we got to choose the
right moment to tackle them but I don't
like it
I do want the trinket wonder it would be
worth just getting out of here via one
of these jokers I mean they're already
long since dead at this point but you
know I find myself as the run gets
deeper and deeper I find myself getting
more and more anxious actually about how
things look on this run and now I'm like
maybe we should just let the wall
masters take us away maybe we should let
them give us the beat boys and free my
soul because I want to get lost in the
rock and roll interest away
I apologize by the link of the
commentaries been on game it's been on
topic and that's not something I pride
myself on you know this isn't a this
isn't a debate please stay on topic this
is like an anti debate this is where
reason goes to die
be a great time for dry baby to crack
some fools but it's on the the
commentary has been on topic because you
know the run is top you know I'm
actually very content with the beam I
think we've done probably the right
choices spacebar item although box of
spiders you know maybe has a tendency to
be more useful or more useful more
frequently rather I might as well give
exhaustive dude but I would like
something that does damage to like
everything in the room if possible
forget-me-now I mean it is the right
choice from a point standpoint and
straight up if you if you take that
approach if you take forget-me-now and
you you know do boss rush forget-me-now
teleport out and do it again you deserve
whatever score you get on today's daily
because you're a god you're a god of
Isaac I was so happy when I realized
that was our charmed gaper oh the choke
caper men is the most useful of all the
polka go things that we can get
okay we're good Holley though a belly
button to trinkets we really don't care
about Bob's bladder but certainly we'll
take up his tail to try to get the guppy
dream to come closer here and I'm out
I'm out to the next floor is the right
call say what you will about it and do
what you want do what you want with my
body but at the same time yet you have
to agree it's the right choice I mean
it's the wrong choice from a point
standpoint but this isn't about points
you know this is about nutrition this
run is sick what makes you larger
something's wrong this run is sick you
know we can't shoot we got a serious
peer deficiency at the present moment
we're fine we're fine and you're saying
well if you wanted to save money just
stop buying medicine no you don't
understand
we need the medicine without the
medicine this running is just going to
get sicker and the medicine in this case
is going as fast as possible
or at least doing as few rooms as
possible because every time the longer
we survive the more points we're going
to get the more the more floors we get
to the more points you're going to get
sure the more rooms we do the more
points you're going to get but every
room carries like a 2% chance that we'll
die as a funny item right there we don't
need mom's purse although it does take
us closer to the mom transformation I
think that's worth approximately nothing
so I think we're basically just straight
out here and you know what I will say is
that I've spent a lot of time in Isaac
using orbitals when I shouldn't be using
orbitals and I think today's run is the
reckoning you know it's the run where it
all comes together as a result of making
all these mistakes now we're in a good
spot I know what I'm doing with these
items
and sack dagger it's like you know
folded Japanese steel in my hands like
it's it's a specialist tool now I don't
believe I always get confused I don't
understand the concept of the reroll
machine in here it's like if you had
this and butter you could get some
incredible stuff going on but because we
don't have that you know I used it and
then what is still the same items in
here so we'll go fight mom she should
hopefully die before I was going to say
before she gets to do an attack but
you're slightly off there and then you
out of these I mean rune bag is lovely
and the occasional algae's would be nice
shoopdawhoop is also great we'd rather
has a minder we rather I mean I guess
the question is does shoot it would work
if shooter would shoopdawhoop works I
think we want to take that gives us some
attack otherwise we probably want the
mind or maybe rune bag but let's start
by using a was and it is going to give
us access to the next floor thank you by
the way being you've been very useful
for us and I am forsaking some points
it's possible that was cheap - Boop
we could have bought all those enemies
but I'm going to very much play a little
bit of a conservative style here you
know northern line the dude who plays
Issac conservatively that's what he's
renowned for but they're even no matter
how good your run is there's a really
good chance you die on boss rush if you
can only get hit once without dying so
admittedly you could have done it until
we got hit once and then taking the
eihwaz right now but even that
introduces a small margin of error I was
somewhat uncomfortable with let's see if
it's per throat it's not per throw it
said I think it was zero
and I really do feel comfortable but I
was horrible damages
I really do feel comfortable with my
choices on this run we do have the hush
fight that will appear for us as well I
will not be doing the hush fight in all
likelihood this thing's got to go man is
like a whole room of combat down there
thank you dry baby that was extremely
clutch if we get a chaos card I would
probably do the hush fight but even like
in that scenario I'm not convinced that
it's the right clay double card is very
good well it's very good if we use it
and then we use you up the loop I got to
remember we can't fire tears
on this guy I can't really use sack
dagger very much like on occasion
perhaps but most of the time wouldn't
recommend it
okay one more boss it's a bad one thank
God for shoopdawhoop bean might have
handled it decently as well but thank
God worship the movement all right we're
out of here
good work team that was a self-sacrifice
thank you bad bro your sacrifice will
not be in vain I very much appreciated
so what did I say earlier I was going to
say we're going to rank well if we beat
mom I'm I mean the run is good enough
that I don't necessarily feel that
that's actually true anymore I feel like
beating mom is just it's just okay on
today's run like we probably cracked
into the top thousand as a result
there's a lot of good Isaac players out
there there's a lot of clever Isaac
players out there must have learned from
the best
am i right I'm not talking about me I'm
talking about Cobalt anyway yes the rare
feigned humbleness important asset in
the twitch and YouTube community and I
just played you like a fiddle kind of
like I'm playing this run like a fiddle
although perhaps it's a little too real
because if I was playing a run like a
fiddle it would probably like screech
all over the place I played clarinet in
high school feel like I would probably
remember basically zero of how to play
clarinet now so a fiddle is like no
champs I don't have any acumen in that
instrument we saved the stars card
instead of the devil card I think it's
kind of an obvious choice here the
reason we saved the stars card he can't
be hurt with the sack dagger
we saved the stars card because
if teleports us if we get hit once which
could save the whole run so come on
surprising deal with the devil Duffy
transformation that might do nothing
halo at least in stats and we'll head
downwards I mean we just can't do the
hush fight no matter how much the game
is trying to it's like hey look you're
alive and doing relatively well the hush
fight is its own beast lovers card I
don't think that would have killed us
okay I'm glad we don't have to find out
it's like the opposite of that Savage
Garden song whoo I want you I don't know
if I need you who I'd die to find out
and that is that and this one is like oh
I don't want you I know I don't need you
and I would die if I found out that's
like a reference of 20 years way too
late oh you moron that's me I am The
Moron he's done it that was the the
enemy that had the biggest chance to
ruin our lives
Tintin rock back there I don't know why
I'm rushing as if it matters I mean I'm
not rushing just to finish the run
quickly I'm rushing for survival
purposes it's productive rushing
however on soos yeah use on Jews right
now so we know where we're going at
least and we're looking for guppy stuff
you've got 100% deal with the devil
chance by the way which is nice but I'm
taking it way too fast on rooms that do
not need to be handled quickly we just
need to go back and get the starters
card
like there's no reason for us to rush
through combat we should handle combat
like delicately mom's heart is the next
boss fight it's going to be a doozy man
still hoping for smaller rock it does
make shiftable better now I am like
happy I took all the damage upgrades
because at least it does help ship it
will pop off
I mean mob the void we took for free so
it's not like that's a major cost or get
for us I didn't want to pick up headed
to keep regice wasn't paying attention
okay okay okay let's just do it
beat mom's heart it's really really
hoping we weren't gonna have to fight
one of the turrets so but we would just
bypass that whole awkward phase but no
such luck this is like it's really the
rotten baby show right now just paying
attention if you get hit there's no
shame consider popping the stars card we
chose not to because we were already
close to being done and then we get
succubus which is great in the shovel
which is unnecessary but we might as
well pick it up and use it once and now
we're up to the Cathedral what an
interesting situation we find ourselves
in am i right or am i right I didn't
even look at like the top scores today
but I imagine there's going to be good
scores at the top because there's always
good Isaac players but I imagine just by
virtue of being alive up to this point
we're probably going to be ranking
pretty well
and you never know all driving so clutch
you never know what room could bring you
down come on
gonna have to wake up pretty early in
the morning to get that one by me and we
did leave a lot of points on the table
but we left them on the table for a good
reason in my opinion this was not a good
run to try you know your your hand to
use in boss rush and if you did the hush
fight again I cannot stress enough that
you are an Isaac God we're going to be
guffy
I don't know again if that does anything
for us but we are going to be Guffey and
contract from below me I guess is good
it works on the I'll be on the Chester
on the dark room I'm going to pay
attention like at all sure double chests
do we care about getting to to speed
that's an interesting question I don't
even want to do a special room at this
point I don't think we care about to
speed let's leave ourselves some points
here great work great work team we are
generating the occasional fly I'm not
sure what's doing it chipton what I
suppose is probably doing it just yet
another reason why this ended up being
like a pretty sensible choice
that's not bad
despite of what they tell us I'm sorry
code didn't know every time the charm
gaper is no no chance to live man is too
pure for this world and certainly you
know if we end up beating the chest on
this run I'm going to look at it and be
like I'm back baby I think we should
take that because this is not a saint
your Grandpa's run you know unless I'm
your grandpa because this is my run so
you got to get those angel fetuses taken
care of it's also all of our familiars
generate flies for us so now that the
Angel fetuses are dead it's my favorite
Nine Inch Nails lyric none of the angel
fetuses are dead we are absolutely okay
and we should have a chance to win here
pretty pretty handily you get like a
half second period of invincibility
where it makes a ton of sense to use the
sack dagger
leprosy we get hit it creates a familiar
for us which I believe effectively means
it does nothing right now unless it
would work with holy mantle but I don't
believe it does so you don't forgive me
but I am trying to preserve that's not
that bad preserve some degree of
pointage here so I'm not going to take
an item that as The Lofts doesn't stand
any chance to give us anything now the
double gate fight is is one of the worst
that you can get down here but it's all
about picking your shot if you can pick
your moment I'm going to be in a good
spot more flies please more flies all
there we go double items
Samson's chain and mini monstro I'll
take any familiar at this point like I'm
not in a position especially mini
monster seems awesome for me we're never
going to get it in line once we move on
a room because it's so far back in the
familiar order but oh dude please even
though smart fly is never going to
really do anything for us or it's never
really going to do much for us I'm still
pleased with this existence I'm stunned
that we have not been hit on this room
okay we got lucky because he would have
been a lot more of a jerk deal with
people lived stay loose
he'll pop up not like we're on a time
limit anymore there we go now that we
know where he is he's easy to take care
of again any familiar um I don't believe
that varicose veins can do anything for
us otherwise I'd be all over it because
actually like varicose veins dull razor
is a cool combo we don't have dull razor
actors but you get the idea you okay I
mean the straw more than once per room
give this a little test drive on this
room down here as opposed remember we
still have I mean it seems fine to me
I don't think 20/20 does anything but
Capricorn will help the straw out and
our flies I suppose you know what better
safe than sorry
thank God we saved our we saved it long
enough to be able to use it they're all
absolutely if sad bombs now with sad
bombs maybe we should take twenty twenty
I'm going to be honest oh I think
shoopdawhoop is the right call here the
straw is also great but we don't need
the HP out of it so I'll take twenty
twenty along with sand bombs and then
like if we're on a room in which we
don't have shoopdawhoop that's probably
our cue to use sad bombs it may always
be our cue to use sad bombs
because they're amazing and also will
generate flies for us it's always nice
on a run like this when you have like an
ever now we've already been there oh we
have not already that was on the
Cathedral you dummy
we get five bombs out of this we'll take
it but when you have an ever increasing
chance to get a win like this run is
really only gotten stronger which is
pretty important for me I think we're
going to leave this feeling great about
how things went you know we took a bit
of the conservative approach but at
least we didn't take a conservative
approach and fail we took a conservative
approach and we won we'll take a speed
upgrade fro and we'll take another
familiar like let's not that was just a
total whiff on shoopdawhoop there but we
finally have a Charmed gaper that may
live for longer than two seconds don't
give me the delirium flow that would be
an insult let's go top two waters 69th
is perfect and our time is 59 how is
that even possible it's like one of the
best scores we've had in weeks
damage penalty zero I mean that'll do it
I suppose I guess the trick to rank him
well if you're me is just not being able
to take damage or you'll die but for now
thanks for watching I hope you enjoyed
today's episode if you did click the
like button helps out a great deal and
of course subscribed you want to see
more in the future for now thanks for
watching and I will see you next time